PROFILE

LSG SOLICITORS is a medium sized commercial law firm established in 2013 which is fast building a niche as a foremost commercial law firm in Nigeria. Although a young firm, it packs in it a sizeable number of keen legal practitioners, averaging some 15 years in active legal practice, along with the benefit of strategic partnership with the academia to provide well rounded and multi-dimensional perceptions of issues.

The firm's principal is Mr. Andy Akporugo Jr. a devoted legal practitioner renowned for attending to the many little matters of detail required to provide an almost flawless service. Having commenced practice since 1992, he was with the firm of G. M IBRU & CO for the whole of 20 years out of which he headed the firm and led its operations for the last ten (10) years under the keen mentoring of the respected Mr. G. M IBRU. His forte is in commercial practice where he is particularly at home with matters including advising intending investors in Nigeria and overseas, preparation of local and international management agreements, advising on and drafting commercials contracts and memoranda of understanding for enterprises in such diverse areas as Hospitality, Tourism, Brewing, Banking and Finance, Construction, Agriculture, taxation, energy, real estate and conveyancing etc, etc. He is also well-footed to handle all matters of registration and filings with the Corporate Affairs Corporation, processing expatriate quotas, business and working permits, approved status amongst others and has led in providing services as Solicitors to Ikeja Hotel Ple in the public issue of 420,000,000 Ordinary Shares of the Company [1998/99] and its latter public issue of 3,000,000,000 ordinary shares in 2007, and as Legal Advisers to the National Council on Privatisation in the concession of Tafawa Balewa Square. Standing in similar qualification and experience as he, is an eclectic bunch of resourceful lawyers all of whom make the competence of ANDY AKPORUGO & ASSOCIATES a marter far beyond doubt. The firm is registered with the Security and Exchange Comsion (SEC) as Solicitors to the Capital Market, a pre condition for operating in the Capital Market in Nigeria.

Its niche is as much in solicitors work as in advocacy in courtrooms all over Nigeria, of course at all times maintaining a keen interest in Alternative Dispute Resolution proceedings. Litigation matters the firm handles include disputes on Debt Recovery, Commercial Contracts, International Commercial Transactions Insurance, Labour law, Maritime law, Intellectual property rights, Banking and finance, environmental law, libel and media law.

The firm has its main office at 1B Adekunle Fajuyi Street, GRA Ikeja, Lagos and maintains a representative office in Abuja, c/o Capital Hotel Plc, Abuja Sheraton Hotel, 1 Ladi Kwali way, Maitama Abuja.